Stepbystep
Check out youtube using python and stock picking

1.	Answer interesting question using Python.
a.	What is the Financial market impact of the covid 19 pandemic.
b.	What industries/companies had the highest rate of return during this time
c.	We can use python to access a dataset and then analyze the results to see what you find
2.	Exploring cool or interesting functionality of Python that we didn’t cover in class Pyfolio, scypy covidpy these will extract the data and make analysis of stocks and covid related market. We will calculate the rate of return to see which investments would yield a desirable outcome. 
3.	Apply python to some interesting business problem. 
a.	Calculating the ROR
b.	How/where to invest during a pandemic (where to place assets)
c.	The lows stock market created by covid 19 has given new investors the perfect opportunity to invest in companies that are now on the rise such as: zoom, Netflix and amazon
git

*beta is stock Regression
Come up with betas for different companies
Multiple regression
Read the regression part of the quant stuff
Best way to 
Correlation of deaths and the market or a certain stock
The narrower you keep it the more I will learn.

#WOW Project
Ephraim will do:
How did covid impact company x?
Get finanical records for companies through 
get 1 company from three sectors along with the NASDAQ
API:such as alpha vantage, API FRED 
get before2019 and present 2020
get data for all companies in a dataframe


data of number of cases and number of deaths in 2020
Stick with companies that are based in the U.S.
U.S. covid cases


*Graphing covid cases and stock prices overtime*
time trends of both stock price and covid cases

correlation between covid and stock prices
group regression
Ephraim Finance data of the API


Adrian will do:
Find viable API to build a simple model for covid pandemic using python
	a. retrieve free API from CDC, the WHO, NYT and COVID-19py
	b. update the relevant information needed containging the varioius factors that will coinside with the financial part of the project 
	c. Use jupyter notebooks and python to generate the data which we need to be displayed 
	d. implement chronjob

